Maebh
once again the field is looking over its
collective shoulder at the Stanford
Cardinal but this year the chase is on
Stanford may be the front-runner but the
rest of America is closing fast it's a
fast pool fast times and one of the most
competitive fields ever assembled that
competes today for national honors no
one's garnered more hardware than
Stanford's Jenny Thompson
Richard quick hopes the Jenny's quicker
as she goes so go the Cardinal so get on
up cheer for your choice as America's
best collegians come calling on the
capital of Texas no lone stars here
they're all stars and we welcome you to
the great state of Texas word that
gemayel
Texas swimming center in the event one
of the really good ones in college
sports leaves in the NCAA women's
swimming and diving championships and
hello everybody I'm Barry Tompkins and
we welcome you to Austin Texas we're on
the campus at the University of Texas
where the home team has done pretty darn
well in this event
Texas has won at seven times but
Stanford they've been a hot ticket
lately they've won three in a row and
looking for number four I'm joined by
Dara Torres Galan and Dara everybody's
talking about Stanford as being the
favorites once again but it should be a
very close competition that's right very
one of the reasons why Stanford is
swimming so well is because of coach
Richard quick he has this amazing
ability to motivate his swimmers to win
now Stanford's gonna be very tough to
beat because of senior Jenny Thompson
she's won seven individual nc2 a titles
she's an Olympian and she's really
provided a leadership role for her team
so it's not Stanford I suppose you have
to ask who then and a lot of people are
talking about Michigan this year well
they have a great chance ever since the
inception of women's swimming in the
NCAA's it's always been Florida Texas
and Stanford in the top three but
Michigan has a chance to dethrone
Stanford watch for senior Alicia
Humphries in the backstroke events but
Texas just because this is the state of
Texas has to be given a chance that's
right they're in their home pool they
have the home crowd behind them
freshman standout Michele Schroeder
really racking the points in the
breaststroke an individual medley event
but remember this is swimming and diving
cumulative scores in the end will crown
a champion let's get to our first event
right now the 200 yard medley in relay
and this should be a very tightly
contested race in the race that's going
to go a long way I think they're
determining an overall champion these
relays are so important because the
points are doubled let's take a look at
the lane assignments are there two lane
line with Arizona and Nebraska Stanford
Michigan Georgia Texas and northwestern
the race could be decided right here
lanes for and lanes five Stanford and
for Michigan and five set to go the
backstroke very even starts with me the
first leg for Stanford Jessica Tong
Alicia monthly
the first way for mr. Tom in a soiled
giorgia could be a factor in his races
well Heather black been in Lane six
running for Georgia trailing right now
that is hump day of Michigan first in
concept
start the second leg there's a bit of
restaurant it's okay all that police
cars are very important
they forgot the scarf which a customer
of Michigan TV as
they come to the tribe it is Gustin and
michigan bleeding in first place
Stanford a distant second right now
practice for court receptacles that was
dropped back on
and second place right now over a nine
through Nebraska and away
Stanford is behind
Thompson I like to try to make something
up here in the butterfly melissa sky /
michigan michigan extra turn first
stop mission would Stanford second you
can bet these girls see each other
more than game run too
in Stanford in Michigan Michigan
and a great last wave by Claudia Franco
remember she was the one that that got
thus qualified last night and thus cost
her team 34 points she made a man's fort
right here that's right it's great
redemption for Claudia I know she feels
very bad about getting disqualified last
night take a little look at about the
last 15 yards
you can bet you see Claudia comes over
towards the lane lights you get the drag
off the michigan girl she holds her
breath
so just barely out touches michigan girl
georgia did manage to finish in third
place take another look from up top
strong final strokes by Franco and just
touching ahead of Megan Gilliam of
Michigan so it's Stanford won Michigan 2
and Georgia 3 in the 200 yard medley
relay a race that really didn't go
according to form if you ask richard
quick the stanford coach who we thought
was gonna win
he said michigan dumped away we're
coming back